MTM-53127 Added icon selector info to the docs. (#1459)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cockpit/cockpit-configuration.md

Click **Reset dashboard** to undo any changes to your home dashboard. This reverts all changes to the dashboard and returns it to the initial state.

> #### Title, icon and navigator collapse {#to-select-icon-change-title-hide-navigator}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Title, icon and navigator collapse {#title-icon-and-navigator-collapse}
```

> Under the **Title, icon and navigator collapse** section you can edit the title of the application, change the icon and finally, you can specify if the navigator should be hidden on start up. By default, the navigator is displayed on start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the **Title, icon and navigator collapse** section you can modify the application title and icon, and you can specify if the navigator should be hidden on start up. By default, the navigator is displayed on start up.
```
